Downloaded from
YTS.MX
This program is rated G
and is suitable for
general audiences.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
♪ Slow clap ♪
♪ I'll be David. you Goliath ♪
♪ Set the rule
and I'll defy it ♪
♪ You'll be angry
I'll be quiet... ♪
[woman] Bonjour. Mr. Laurent.
It's Lindsey Johnson.
How are you?
Ah. I'm glad to hear it.
I was hoping
that our offer on your property
was to your liking.
Excellent.
We're gonna build a beautiful
hotel together. Au revoir.
[woman] Lin.
Bagel with egg and cheese.
extra large coffee.
-Welcome back.
-You are a lifesaver. Ellie.
But I guess
you'll probably be in Paris.
Yeah. I probably will be then.
Let's do something fun tonight
now you're here for a minute.
We could go to that new tapas
place and drink some wine.
Or... I heard that the Met
is giving an after-hours talk
on mid-century architecture.
Any chance you wanna be my date?
Dinner afterwards.
It will be my treat.
If we can go to that sushi place
on 81st Street. then I am in.
Oh. good. Done deal.
-[Ellie] All right.
-I'll see you in there.
[man] So. Ellie will take over
the Rosinksy estate in Boston.
and Blake will handle
the Pinnacle Group project
with New Zealand. Next!
I wanna turn our attention
to a new opportunity. Ireland.
As you all know.
we've been looking to have
a presence there for years.
I'm very interested
in a piece of land
that's come to my attention.
It's right on the coast.
here. in Kilabbey.
The only problem is... Well...
That castle.
-Permitting nightmare?
-[man] If only.
The town council
owns the property
and they seem unwilling
to sell to anyone
who wants
to take the castle down.
The challenge
is to make the council see
that selling to us.
and building something new.
will ultimately benefit
the community.
Lindsey? I'd like you to go.
I'd be happy to. Mr. Krispen.
but. um... I'm preparing
to go to Paris.
continuing the negotiations
with the Laurents.
Your level of experience
can help us win this one.
-Hannah can cover Paris.
-I will start prepping.
[laughter]
[woman] She did so much.
Don't...
Don't bring that up again!
-No. That's not fair.
-[man] Remember last year?
[woman] That's... No.
That's not fair.
[laughter]
[man] Oh. God.
she was a tragedy.
Now. I don't want to hear
any whining and fighting
about who teaches what and goes
where this year. all right?
Well. it's about time
you get used to it. Alroy.
You've only been running the
festival for. what. 30 years?
It's a wonder
anyone gets a match
-with the lot of you working it.
-Oh!
All right. all right!
Now listen up.
There's about to be 1.000 people
here in a few days.
so let's get focused.
-Maebh?
-Yes.
You'll be teaching the afternoon
soda bread classes.
and. Rory. you'll be helping
with the paddleboarding.
And. Brennan.
you're still up for doing
the Gaelic football lessons
-and the hurdling?
-Mm-hmm.
Maybe a field trip
to the cliffs?
I'm up for it. if I can teach
a few ballads on the bus.
-Oh. no. thank you.
-Oh.
What if Rory sings with me?
-No. not...
-[woman] Ah. go on.
-[man] Come on.
-Not happening.
But maybe Brennan
will céilí dance this year.
-Oh. yeah. we've missed you.
-It's been too long.
Not happening!
[men laugh]
Here we are.
Not quite the night we had
envisioned but... you know.
I'm sorry to change our plans.
Ellie.
I am really excited
that you're going to Ireland.
It's the most beautiful place.
with all those
quaint little towns.
Yeah.
Well. mine is about to put on
a matchmaking festival.
How about that for quaint?
[laughs]
No! I bet you're gonna meet
so many single Irish men.
And those accents?
I mean. come on.
Yeah. just exactly what I'm
looking for on a business trip.
Wait. wasn't your grandmother
from Ireland?
Yeah. Good memory.
Some tiny little town.
This is her ring.
I wish I asked my mom more
about her when I had the chance.
My dad wasn't exactly
brimming with stories.
I'm sure your mom would be
really happy you're going there.
-Mm-hmm.
-Getting a sense
of some of your ancestry.
I think she would.
I mean. if nothing else.
it'll be...
Life-affirming.
I was gonna say uneventful.
Who knows? Maybe this trip
will be really meaningful.
[Lindsey] Wow.
Are all the roads this windy?
[man] Yep. Your first time
in the Emerald Isle?
-I'm afraid so.
-I've lived here all my life.
I can tell you. you won't find
a better spot in Ireland.
[Lindsey] I'll have to take your
word for it. Conor. Wait! Stop!
[sighs]
[man humming]
[Brennan hums]
-Dia duit.
I'm sorry. I. um...
I was just looking around.
The castle's
not officially open.
but I don't mind you looking
while I tidy up.
It's a lot for one person
to tidy up.
-Rather grand. isn't she?
-Yeah.
Built in the 1300s
by the Ballydonal family.
The last living member lived
here until... 50 years ago.
After which he left
the entire place to the town.
Lucky us.
Roisin Ballydonal? The founder
of the matchmaking festival.
Someone's done her homework.
Well. I'm nothing
if not well-researched.
Then you'll know that she set up
the festival on the grounds here
for the farmers to meet
young women in the spring.
And the tradition stuck.
So. um. why is there
nothing going on here
for the festival right now?
Oh. these days
we only use the house
for the big party at the end.
Don't wanna wear her out.
-[clattering]
-Oh.
We need to get that fixed.
Among other things.
Um... OK. well.
thank you so much.
And I'm...
I'm sorry to interrupt.
I'll let you...
I'll let you get to it.
Enjoy your stay.
[Lindsey] OK.
Thank you.
You'll be in our back cottage.
It's lovely.
You can hear the greenfinches
chirping in the morning.
But we also have earplugs
in case you need them.
Jetlag can be rough
the first few days.
and we want our guests
feeling good for the festival.
Oh. I'm not here
for the festival.
I know. probably one of the only
people in town who isn't.
I'm giving a presentation
to the council.
which I should get to work on.
There we go.
Now. you're through
the back door and down the path.
-Can I give you a hand?
-No. no. I've got it. thank you.
[woman] It's official.
I brought way too many clothes.
Well. I didn't bring enough.
so we'll share.
I've got mine up for grabs. too.
Hi! Aren't your sunnies cute?
Oh. thank you. I got them
from a sample sale in New York.
-You're from New York?
-Where are you from?
Australia. Though we usually get
mistaken for New Zealanders.
I'm Charlotte.
This is Kylie and Olivia.
-Hi.
-I'm Lindsey. Nice to meet you.
We're going to the pub
for a bite to eat in a bit.
-You want to join?
-Oh! I'd love to.
But I have so much work to do.
and I wouldn't want to intrude.
No. please. It's always more fun
with a fourth.
Um... OK. Sure. Why not?
-Let me go put my stuff down?
-Great.
[Irish folk music. pub chatter]
OK. so you fill out the
questionnaire. and then what?
Well. the first few days.
we sign up for classes we want.
like learning how to bake
barmbrack. or how to kite surf.
The rest of the days.
you get assigned group outings.
based on the questionnaire
you fill out.
The hope is you find a match.
OK. I don't mean
to sound like a skeptic.
but do you really think
that hundreds of people
are gonna leave here
with a soulmate next week?
As we learned in Vegas.
anything's possible.
-[all laugh]
-That's true.
-You should come out with us.
-Mm-hmm.
There's always gatherings
with live music and dancing.
I would love to.
That is if I'm not at the inn.
buried in paperwork.
What kind of work do you do.
Lindsey?
I am an acquisitions manager
for a hotel developer.
My company's interested
in buying Ballydonal Castle
and turning it into a resort.
Wow. That's amazing.
Acquisitions manager?
I would have said more...
undercover agent.
I've already met your friend
here. ladies.
She decided to take
an uninvited snoop
around her hopeful acquisition.
I wasn't trying to be sneaky.
I've done a lot of research
and I have a very good argument
as to why my company
should acquire the castle.
So you can raze it
to the ground?
I prefer "fresh start."
You're not the first person
to try and woo the council.
You won't be the last.
no matter what your offer is.
I'd be happy to take that bet.
Somebody will be over
to take your order. ladies.
Whiskey's on the house.
Sláinte.
-Thank you.
Wow. That guy really loves
his castle.
I don't envy you there. Lindsey.
Trust me.
I've been up against much worse.
Well. let's do a cheers
to Lindsey.
Oh. yes.
Best of luck
in your council meeting.
Even if you don't need it.
-Thank you.
-Indeed.
[all] Cheers.
Sláinte.
-"Slawn..."
-"Slan-cha?"
[overlapping chatter]
[cameras click]
Good morning.
-Do you help run the festival?
-Me. my mum and my dad.
-Family tradition.
-Well. that's nice.
You must be on the way
to the council meeting.
I am.
I hear they've a very busy
agenda today.
You might be waiting a while.
Would you like a snack?
No. I am fully stocked.
Good luck. so.
[gavel bangs]
I call the council to order.
all members present.
We have our weekly agenda
to get through
before moving on
to a presentation from...
Miss Lindsey Johnson. is it?
Oh. um. I can...
No. no. don't worry.
We'll get to you.
First item on the agenda.
the McElroys' fence.
Chewed through
by McDuffy's goat last week.
Allegedly. Siobhan.
Right. allegedly.
Anyone capture any video
on their phones? No?
We should really check. Rory.
Do a quick search
over all social media.
Hashtag Kilabbey. hashtag goat.
hashtag fence. hashtag eat.
hashtag allegedly.
Hashtag Kilabbey. hashtag fence.
hashtag goat.
-hashtag...
-Allegedly.
-Hashtag McDuffy.
[gavel bangs]
The Mahoneys would like a permit
for selling wind chimes
at the spring farmers' market.
Isn't that gonna make
an awful lot of noise?
I like the sound of wind chimes.
Ah. yes. so do I.
I think they're lovely.
Before we decide.
I think it's imperative
that we at least hear
one of these wind chimes.
Mr. and Mrs. Mahoney.
did you bring one?
-Will I go?
-Yes.
[Lindsey sighs]
[gavel bangs]
So. that settles the matter
of the post office.
which will be painted
eggshell white inside.
not cream.
Although we appreciate
the spirited arguments
on behalf of ivory chiffon.
salty tear and whispering peach.
That concludes
our weekly agenda.
Oh! The floor is yours.
Miss Johnson.
Thank you. And thank you so much
for having me.
Now. I understand that the
castle is a beloved landmark.
and integral
to your matchmaking festival.
But we also understand
that it's in need
of some major renovations.
and that could be
prohibitively costly.
So the Krispen Group
has a longstanding relationship
for building exceptional hotels
around the world
where we bring in sustainable.
year-long revenue
to local economies.
We would like to offer
a substantial sum
to build a resort
on the Ballydonal property.
allowing us to create
a new history for it. together.
Excuse me. Miss Johnson.
-May I interrupt you?
-Of course.
Thank you for your interest.
and the detailed information.
But I don't think that you can
be invested in our area
as you don't know it.
You've just arrived in Kilabbey.
haven't you?
Yes. of course I have.
but this is just the beginning
of the conversation.
And if the council will let me
continue. I can show you--
Thank you for your time.
Miss Johnson.
But I speak
on behalf of all of us
when I say we're not interested
in selling the land
without an agreement
to keep the castle intact.
We'll pass on the offer.
-Meeting adjourned.
-[gavel bangs]
I thought
you made a good effort in there.
I didn't even get through the
first page of my presentation.
I wouldn't take it personally.
Us Irish.
we're a stubborn bunch.
We don't give up things easily.
Let's go and take care
of any late registrations.
as people are still arriving
at the tent.
You know what? I understand.
I'm just going to have
to really show my investment.
-How are you going to do that?
-Your head councilman was right.
I only just got here.
I did my research.
I've learned some Irish phrases.
but I haven't really experienced
local culture.
How can I say what's best
for the Ballydonal land
if I haven't immersed myself
in Kilabbey?
What better way to do that than
join the matchmaking festival?
-Excuse me?
-Yeah. it's exactly what I need.
Cooking classes. nature walks.
knitting.
A week-long Irish event.
The festival's open to everyone.
right?
-Well. yeah.
-Great.
I'm gonna go sign up.
I'm excited.
[overlapping chatter]
[Lindsey]
It's really my best angle.
[Mr. Krispen] By learning
how to make Irish stew?
Mr. Krispen. the council members
run the festival.
If I take their classes
and show them that I'm invested
in the area and the traditions.
that I'm doing my homework.
they can only recognize I'm
putting in the time and effort.
and maybe then
they will reconsider our offer.
Lindsey. I know that research
is your specialty.
You've always had very good
instincts about deals.
-But this seems pretty...
-Unorthodox?
Yeah. I know. I know.
But they have to see me
as something other
than a hotel developer.
And when they do. that's my in.
That is when we bring them
to our side of things.
Mr. Krispen. I'm telling you.
this property is one of a kind.
If you were here.
you would do the same thing.
-OK. Keep me updated.
-OK. thanks.
You mean the same woman from
the council meeting this morning
is doing the festival?
That's the one.
Maybe she'll meet a nice bloke.
I don't think that's her aim.
Rory.
So what if she hangs out
for a week?
She'll learn some kayaking.
eat some boxty.
sing some Irish songs.
Doesn't mean we have to sell
the land to her. does it?
No. I suppose not.
Who knows? Maybe she won't
even like the festival.
head back to the States.
This isn't exactly
New York City.
We'll see how she gets on.
So in order to give our soda
bread that nice crumbly texture.
we're going to incorporate
the butter in like this.
We're getting right in there.
that's it. Gorgeous.
Yes. right in there. Mix it.
I've never had one of my guests
bring their own
pastry cutter before.
Oh. yeah. yeah. I. um...
I read that it helps.
so my innkeeper
let me borrow it.
I use the same methods
my grandmother used.
And her grandmother before that.
A fork usually suffices.
Really are trying to impress.
aren't you?
Are you...
Are you even allowed back there?
I'm dropping off
some festival stuff for Maebh.
and picking up
some chocolate biscuits.
If you haven't checked out
their bakery display.
it's really very impressive.
You're missing out.
I highly recommend
the lemon tart.
Thank you so much
for the recommendation.
Good luck with the bread.
Remember not to overknead it.
You probably already knew that.
[Maebh] The color is just
beautiful on all of these.
Do you mind if I try?
This is gorgeous-looking.
this one. That's it.
And when it's nice and warm as
well. cos then you've got...
Mm.
Not what you're used to?
No. no. it's delicious.
[chuckles]
-[whistle blowing]
-[indistinct shouting]
Remember. you can play the ball
on the ground and in the air!
-[players chatting]
-Very good.
One over two. right cross.
Trust me...
-[Brennan] Player.
-Out of my way.
...you'll get into
the rhythm of the cable stitch.
[whispers] Excuse me.
do you know what you're doing?
-It's purl three.
-Right. purl three.
[overlapping chatter]
-[blows whistle]
-What?
-Three to The Matchmakers!
-I must be doing purl two.
She took the ball
and she put one hand...
-You said that...
-Didn't see anything.
Or five?
Whatever this thing is.
she had her hands on it.
It's a clear violation
according to what you taught me.
I play by the rules.
And I'm an excellent study. sir.
You're the one who taught me.
There you go.
Abusing the referee.
-Yellow card.
-Give me all your cards.
Siobhan?
Oh. that looks great.
May be best if you start over.
Right.
Go. go. go!
[players cheering]
-No goal.
-Whoo! What?
-No goal. Play on.
-That's three points!
-Took too many steps.
-I didn't take too many steps!
I put the ball on the stick
and the stick into the net.
You are a little bit biased.
-Took many steps.
-Three points to my team!
Lindsey... go and have a coffee.
Or go make some bread.
Bye!
[Lindsey] Fine.
-[knock on door]
-Come in.
-Fancy a biscuit?
-Ooh. yeah.
Thank you.
So. what's on the docket
for tomorrow?
OK. kayaking in the morning.
then bo...
-Bodhrán.
-...bodhrán drum after that.
and then intro to Irish beer.
I just really. really.
really hope
that tomorrow runs smoother
than today.
It can always be a little bumpy.
settling in. I remember.
Seamus and I actually met at
the festival. a long time ago.
In a cooking class.
-Really?
-Yeah.
Our pie turned out terrible.
but we actually got something
out of it in the end.
Yeah. I'd say.
Are you going to stop by
the festival gathering tonight?
Oh. no. No. I feel like
that's for people
that are really trying
to find their match.
No. it's for everyone.
Sure. Seamus and I even go.
once he's done with
the dinner dishes. [chuckles]
Look. it's one thing
reading about Ireland.
It's another to actually get out
and experience it.
-[Celtic fiddle playing]
-[door closes]
[overlapping chatter]
I hope we get some classes
together this week.
Me. too. I'm trying to sign up
for as many things as I can.
You should go paddleboarding
and bicycling
if there's still spots.
We went today
and it was a beaut.
Although one of us did wipe out
with a gentle wave.
[laughter]
Luckily. our strapping
young instructor was there
to help Olivia back up.
He was very sweet about it.
Watch us become
some of those ladies
that come back every year
with matching T-shirts.
You can stay at
the Ballydonal Resort and Spa.
-That is. if it ever gets made.
-Here. here.
-Cheers to the Ballydonal.
-To Ballydonal.
Yes. indeed.
She stayed for the entire class
although I barely helped her.
I almost feel a bit bad
for the girl.
Her soda bread looked like
it tasted awful.
Well. that was me.
I may have added a bit of salt.
-A lot. actually.
-[laughter]
-You're terrible.
-I'm not terrible.
I just want people to be at the
festival for the right reasons.
-[mic feedback]
-Tráthnóna maith. [laughs]
-Welcome to the festival.
-[people hushing]
We're all very glad you're here.
Now. we're going to start off
with a céilí dance.
a traditional Irish folk dance.
[loud cheering]
[applause]
[folk music playing]
-I'm gonna go ask Rory to dance.
-Yes. you are.
You. come with me. Come on!
[clapping in time with music]
[laughs]
[cheering]
[laughter]
-Not feeling the music?
-I don't dance.
I find that hard to believe
based on your moves
with the broom.
[clapping continues]
[laughs]
[cheering]
Welcome.
I should be welcoming you.
I thought you'd be
back in your room.
studying for your classes
tomorrow.
And miss this authentic
Irish tradition?
No way. Oh!
It's called having the craic.
Didn't that come up
in your research?
You know what?
I will crash and burn all week
if it means I get another chance
to meet with everyone.
I hope you won't leave here
disappointed.
I usually don't.
[music. clapping continue]
Let me guess. you watched céilí
videos before you came over.
Oh. no. This is all me.
[cheering. whistling]
[Alroy talks indistinctly]
[Alroy laughs]
Mr. Sprows. Good morning.
Ah. Ms. Johnson.
I don't believe we've ever had a
presenter from a council meeting
sign up for the festival.
I took your advice to heart.
It's important that I get
a good sense of the area.
Yes. well. I hope you'll leave
with a good impression.
I'm very excited to take
your class this morning.
It's the first time
I've been kayaking.
Oh. right. Yes. well...
I don't seem to have you
on my list.
-We must have overbooked...
-Overbooked?
...which happens sometimes.
Oh. yes. we like to rotate
now and then.
you know.
keep things on the move.
I'm sure Doyle O'Brien will
have you for his cooking class.
OK. Maybe there's
another option.
Clearly baking wasn't my thing.
Oh. nonsense.
You'll be grand. [laughs]
How are the numbers looking?
Attendance is even higher
than last year.
Oh. great.
But Alroy's still going
to have to call a meeting
after the festival.
We'll have a deficit
in the town's operating budget
and we need to make more cuts.
We've made so many already.
Are you sure?
We've been over the numbers
a million times.
Everything just costs more
than it used to.
I know we'd all like to fix up
part of the castle this year.
but we can't even get to that.
-I'm not much of a cook.
-You'll be great.
-So. 11 o'clock sharp.
-OK. see you then.
OK. bye-bye.
All set. Dad? You need anything
before I head off?
I've got an odd number again.
Any way you can stay. partner up
with somebody for a bit?
You'll get a free lunch
out of it.
-Sure.
-Good man.
My Irish stew is a little bit
different every time.
based on what's in the garden.
You've got your traditional
meat. onions. potatoes. carrots.
but maybe I add a few cabbage
leaves. or some leeks.
OK. let's get cracking.
You know my dad isn't
on the town council.
Yeah. I know.
I was supposed to be in Alroy's
class. but it was overbooked.
Oh. Sorry to hear that.
No. I'm glad to be
in this class.
It's good that I'm learning
a few authentic Irish recipes.
I've got a little Irish in me.
That explains it.
-The stubbornness.
-[laughs]
My 20-year-old whiskey will be
ready before this stew
the way you're cutting that.
Do you want to switch?
No. thank you. I'm good.
I gotta learn.
The majority of my cooking
in the last few years
has been in a microwave. so...
All those fancy dinners
in New York?
If you call eating takeout
at your desk fancy. then yes.
-Depends on the desk. I guess.
-[laughs]
Look. not everyone's dad has
a famous Irish stew.
It's never too late to learn.
but I'm genuinely terrified
at what you're doing
to that carrot.
-Put it down.
-I'm peeling it.
-Put it on the board.
-OK.
I don't want you to lose your
fingers. So. knuckles there.
-My knuckles?
-Yeah.
Then press down.
[indistinct chatter.
cutlery clinking]
So. Lindsey. what's the verdict?
It's delicious.
And you said you couldn't cook.
[laughs]
Well. I had a good partner.
[scoffs]
So. what brings everyone
to the festival this year?
Uh. well. it's funny.
Laura and I both came last year.
on our own.
just looking to have
an adventure in Ireland.
-And we found each other.
-What?
Turns out we lived just
15 minutes apart in Chicago.
We even went to the same gym.
but we'd never met.
And actually we came back
this year to elope.
-You don't say!
-What?
-Congratulations!
-[laughter]
You visit once and Ireland's
a hard place to forget.
[Laura] It is. [giggles]
So. how about you?
Oh. um...
Well. I... I came here
a week ago for business.
and. um... I just decided
to stay.
[laughs] So...
Normally. when I travel.
it's for work.
so there's not really time
for sightseeing or excursions.
There's really not time
for anything. so...
I don't know. this time.
I've been able to be here.
and. um.
just get to know the people.
It's... It has been really nice.
[Alroy] Robin. meet Jenna.
[knocks door]
And Laela. meet Vlad.
-Yeah. there we go.
-Sorry to interrupt. Alroy.
Siobhan asked me
to get you to sign these.
-Right.
-Orders to get the fence mended.
-How are the activities going?
-Good.
Are we going to have to sell
the castle. Alroy? And the land?
Well. I don't know. Maybe.
But I want to hold off on that
for as long as we can.
I know Ms. Johnson is anxious
for us to change our minds.
Well. she's more than welcome
to make us another offer.
and we're more than welcome
to say no.
The thing is. I'm finding it
difficult to get her a match.
A match? For Lindsey? I don't
think she's expecting one.
Everyone gets a match. Brennan.
Of course. we know
that they don't always take.
Perhaps the right person
will emerge.
I wouldn't hold your breath.
Thanks.
[children chatter]
Well. if it isn't the guardian
of the castle.
And if it isn't
the trespassing American.
More of your Irish studies?
No. your dad lent me this.
I thought I'd copy a few recipes
down to make when I get home.
More tidying up of the castle?
I have quite a few things left
on my list before the party.
-Need a hand?
-Is that a trick question?
No. No. I would love to help.
I...
Selfishly. I'd love
to see more of the castle.
-I'd love a hand.
-OK.
[gentle music]
-You all right?
-Yeah. I'm good.
Sure?
We can take a break if you want.
-No. I'm fine.
-[clatters]
We'll just add that to the list.
-I'm sorry.
-It's OK.
-Right. OK?
-Yeah.
-Thank you.
-Of course.
So. when you're not tending
to the castle.
or the pub. or matters
of the town council...
-I make whiskey.
-Oh.
And that's it.
I went to university
to study business.
and then I came back to help
my mum and dad when I was done.
Hmm. Have you always enjoyed
working with your family?
I have. I've even brought in
some revolutionary ideas.
They now take
credit card payments.
[laughs]
What about you?
Have you always worked
for a fancy resort company?
Shockingly. yes.
I moved to New York City
after school
to try and work at a museum
because I studied
design and architecture.
and I got a temp job
at The Krispen Group
and I never left.
Turns out I'm really good
at closing deals.
So my life has become
about landing one in every
major city in the world.
Kilabbey must be high
on your list. so.
-[chuckles]
-It is.
This is one of the most
beautiful places I've ever seen.
Do you want to see the best view
from this castle?
Yes.
I used to come up here
when I was a kid.
Sneak up. keep an eye on things.
So you've been guarding the
castle for quite some time now.
Oh. yeah.
I've had to let a couple
of things go over the years.
Wild picnics.
Rowdy and... sometimes
some nosy tourists.
And a certain household neglect
that results
-in disintegrating bannisters.
-Oh. gosh.
I just hate the idea
of this all disappearing.
All that history gone.
You're connected to it.
Well. I should get back to work.
as much as I'd like to pretend
like I'm on vacation.
Thanks for showing me this spot.
You're welcome.
Thank you for your help.
Next time. we'll rehang
all the chandeliers.
You got it.
[Ellie] How's Operation
Charm The Town Council going?
[sighs] Honestly? I don't know.
I haven't been spent any time
with the head councilman.
but I am determined
to leave here
with more than just
some conversational Irish
and a bodhrán drum.
So that matchmaking festival
plan sounds perfect.
You can do research.
ask some questions.
and maybe even meet
a cute Irish guy.
Wait. have you met
a cute Irish guy?
-No.
-[gasps] You totally have!
Tell me everything.
[sighs] As much as
you would like to picture
some idyllic Irish romance
unfolding over here.
nothing is happening. Ellie.
[line beeps]
Oh. you're getting saved
by another call.
It's that UK company
that wants to collaborate
on the Allen group.
or I would not be taking it.
I'll talk to you later.
At which point you will spill
about what's really going on.
OK. [laughs]
Right. that's nearly everyone.
We're just missing...
Sorry. I'm late.
Is. uh. this seat taken?
-No. go ahead.
-Thanks.
I hear
it's a bit of a long ride.
Oh.
I'd say we are in
for some rolling hills.
You know. real kinda. like.
landscape. vista territory.
I look forward to it.
I mean. the greens here
are just...
They're. like. richer
than you'd see anywhere else.
-[door closes]
-I wonder how they irrigate it.
-Me too.
-Yeah.
What people don't realize
is the mulch industry
is very competitive.
Oh. I did not realize that.
Oh. yeah.
Totally different than topsoil.
-I'm glad I got in while I did.
-Yeah.
[Brennan] Cliffs of Moher.
coming up ahead!
-There we go.
-Thank you.
You know we're at the "find your
match" portion of the festival?
Just curious
as to why you came today.
I wanted to see the cliffs.
OK. so. aside from being
incredibly beautiful.
tell me about them.
There has to be some sort of
Irish folklore attached
to a place this magical.
Oh. yes.
Legend has it that these cliffs
have a mystical power
that attracts
every single American tourist.
[laughs]
So no pirates. mermaids
or star-crossed lovers?
There is one.
Woman named Mal.
She was chasing
her one true love.
the great warrior Cú Chulainn.
Sadly. she couldn't catch him.
Her sorrow was so great
that she turned to stone.
If you look closely. you can
just make out her profile.
Still staring out to sea.
watching. waiting for him.
Is that true?
A little bit yes.
a little bit no.
Oh. guys. I remembered from
earlier it's really important
you invest in the right kind
of product if you're gonna...
Would you like a photo
with your seat-mate?
Who. Grant the mulch guy?
Nah. Since we're soulmates
and we're gonna be together
for the rest of our lives...
we can wait
till the next photo op.
Fair enough.
So. does Alroy
tell you the matches?
Oh. no. Only Alroy knows.
Sometimes they don't work out.
Things get criss-crossed.
Wait. were you ever matched?
Yes. I was. actually.
I was even engaged.
But it didn't work out.
I thought she wanted to
stay in Ireland. but she didn't.
I'm sorry.
It's OK.
I'm quite happy to hang back
and to facilitate.
Actually. you get quite good
at your own predictions.
That couple there.
She's gonna touch his hand
right about... now.
You're good.
Um. OK... What about them?
So. the website is mulch.co.uk.
which I know sounds basic...
They... are really
hitting it off.
Except for Grant.
Oh. And what about Grant?
-Grant is going to be alone.
-[laughs]
Till he works
on his conversation skills.
Can I show you my favorite spot?
Yeah.
[seagulls squawk]
-Hey. Da.
-Hey.
I'm almost done here.
then I can help
with prep for the dinner rush.
No need. Your mam came in early
to get a head start.
You know this week
is like Christmas for her
with all the guests coming in.
She should enjoy the crowds
while they last.
Yeah.
Oh... Tom Murray stopped by
yesterday.
said you weren't interested
in expanding the whiskey venture
with him.
We've been through this.
I'm happy doing
the smaller batches for the pub.
I've enough to focus on
for the rest of the year.
I don't have the time.
You know. we could manage if
you were out a few days a week.
I appreciate that.
But I'm all right. really.
[noisy chatter]
Hi.
I was wondering
if you might stop by.
Yeah. well. I was out for
a walk and I heard some music.
-Is it like this every day?
-Day and night.
It seems
like you could use a hand.
Wanna jump behind the bar?
-Yeah.
-All right.
-Come on. so.
-[chuckles]
-Cheers.
-Thank you.
Two for you now?
Aren't you a love to help us.
Well. I don't know
how qualified I am.
but I'm happy to be of service.
Your whiskey is so popular.
People come from
all over the coast
to taste Brennan's house blend.
Oh. is that right?
It's just a hobby.
Suddenly so modest. this one.
I hope you know you'll be
helping yourself
to dinner and dessert tonight.
Oh. no. Nora. I can't do that.
And they'll have it.
You'll hurt my mam's feelings
if you don't say yes.
I see they've turned Ms. Johnson
into a regular employee
up there.
Oh. is that so? [chuckles]
She's been a good guest
the last few days. Alroy.
I'm willing to be
as welcoming to her
as we are to
the rest of the group.
Well. it's customary
to have a whiskey lesson
before you start serving it.
Mm-hm.
Maybe we can
make up for that now
with a little... tasting.
Why don't I just try
some of yours?
Whoo!
OK...
that's a little strong for me.
[they laugh]
Hold on.
We'll find you the right one.
So. how did you
get into whiskey anyway?
It's in the blood.
This pub is an old distillery.
Halfway between
Belfast and Cork.
A place where a weary traveler
could come
and have a glass of something
to warm their bones.
And personally.
I quite like the process.
We age our whiskey
for a minimum of eight years.
so you have to be patient.
And when you do
come back to it...
...it's like meeting up
with an old friend.
Worth the wait.
Mm. I'm getting... fruit?
-Yep.
-Yeah?
More delicate. It's a newer
blend from a sherry cask.
-Let's try one more.
-OK.
Mm. This is my favorite.
It's...
It's sweet and... smooth.
My very first batch.
What happens
when you run out of it?
You have a toast.
sing a couple of old folk songs.
Only fitting.
I like that there's
a history to it.
A beginning. middle. and end.
-You should bartend more often.
-[they laugh]
Maybe so.
[Nora]
A hand with the dishes. Brennan?
Yeah. be right there.
Enjoy that. You earned it.
Oíche mhaith.
Oíche mhaith.s squawk]
I think the coffee shop's
around the corner.
Oh. I forgot they're doing
speed dating this morning.
Oh. my God. you guys.
we totally have to jump in.
Oh. no. no. You girls go ahead.
I have to go to the council
office to make an appointment.
Oh. no. no. no. Come with us.
It'll be fast and fun.
OK. OK. why not?
[giggles]
Then there's video games.
and football.
and obviously water sports.
-I collect vintage trains.
-Oh.
That is a lot of interests.
[laughs]
Um. well. my name's Lindsey
and. um...
[bell rings]
[man] Next circle!
I think you should
talk about your dachshunds.
But maybe about what you like
to do with them. activity wise.
Give people
a better sense of you.
Do you think I messed up
earlier?
I did get carried away
about naming them.
-Not at all. You're doing great.
-[bell rings]
I didn't take you
as a speed dater.
-Mm. You either.
-I'm not.
I'm here this morning
as a coach.
-Gentle words of encouragement.
-Yeah.
Well. I hope you're a better
coach at this than hurling.
I sincerely hope
you're better at flirting
than you are at hurling.
Well. we have
about 45 seconds left.
Do you want to tell me
about bad habits. deal breakers?
Deal breakers? This is moving
really fast for me.
When you only have one minute.
you've gotta double down.
OK. um... deal breakers.
-Bad dancers.
-[they laugh]
Oh. Oh. no.
-Let's make a run for it.
-No. we can't.
Uh. yes. we can.
[bell rings]
[they laugh]
Thank you so "mulch"
for doing that.
I couldn't put you
through that again.
-No.
-Consider it a public service.
Although we did leave
a lot of people to suffer.
We did.
I thought it was
"mulch" more important
-that we got you away.
-[laughs]
Would you like to join me
on an errand?
Yeah.
[bell rings]
So. how much whiskey
will this make?
Uh. enough. I'm not so precise.
[chuckles] Fair enough.
Hey.
Need a hand. Brennan?
Oh. no. I'm grand. thanks.
Aoife. I have a helper today.
Aoife's great.
When she's not working
on the farm.
she does work
for the National Archives.
She set up a whole database
for small town records.
Do you think she could
help me with something?
Of course.
Hmm. Nothing's coming up
for Ina Muireann Duffy.
You said she would have
been born about 1920?
Yeah.
I'm not seeing anything.
Let's try Agnes
as the first name.
It's another form of Ina
here in Ireland.
Bingo! This looks like her.
Born 1921 in Glendalough.
I'm guessing this is
her childhood address.
Not far away.
just over the hill. I'd say.
Do you think there's
any chance that we could...
Go there immediately?
Definitely happening.
[laughs]
Thank you so much.
[Brennan] Now... should be...
[Brennan] ...just here.
after the church.
Are you sure this is right?
This is where the house
is supposed to be?
I believe so.
This is it.
-Must have been torn down.
-So sorry. Lindsey.
I didn't know.
It's not...
it's not your fault.
I'm glad we came.
-We can go back now.
-No.
Well. her house may be gone.
You can see where she's from.
Why don't we walk
where she would have?
This is officially what we call
in Ireland a soft day.
[Lindsey laughs]
This area was founded in
the sixth century by St. Kevin.
There's history everywhere
you step foot.
He was a hermit.
Legend has it that he was
so at one with nature.
so at peace with himself.
that when he would meditate...
...he'd put his hands out.
and he'd be so still
that once a bird came.
landed in his hand
and made a nest.
He lived till he was 120.
Is that true?
Little bit yes. little bit no.
[chuckles]
There's a place you should see
that way.
I imagine her walking
on this exact same path.
Oh!
And maybe tripping
on that exact same spot.
-Are you OK?
-Yeah. I'm fine.
I'm so jealous
of all this beauty
that she got to see every day.
The most greenery I see
is a succulent.
Probably going to be dead
when I get home.
[chuckles]
So you didn't get any tips
from Grant. then?
You think he'll give me
a discount
on one of those window boxes?
Pretty sure he'd give you
plenty of things for free.
[both laugh]
You know. we aren't too far
from the ocean.
How many hotels do you think
you've built around the world?
I don't know. Maybe 50?
A hundred?
Well. is it 50 or 100?
Well. it's not like
I built them myself.
I just manage the acquisition.
then move on
to the next project.
Ah.
What about you?
How many batches of whiskey
have you made?
Hundreds. Thousands.
Well. what is it?
Hundreds or thousands?
The one that makes me
sound less like a fanatic.
Why don't you make that
your main gig?
I mean. the demand's there.
And you seem to love it.
Ah. it'd be too expensive
and time-consuming.
I like my set-up now.
Besides. things get less fun
when they get so official.
My job's official. I have fun.
OK. well.
not all parts of it are fun.
but it would be nice to
be more a part of the process.
stay in one place long enough
to see a hotel be built
from start to finish.
Beginning. middle and end.
Well. for what it's worth.
I think you'd be
really great at it.
-[knock at door]
-[Alroy] Come in.
Ah. Ms. Johnson.
I hope I'm not interrupting.
Well. I think I know
why you're here.
I'd like to request a spot
at Saturday's council meeting.
I'd be grateful for 15 minutes
with time for questions after.
So you're going to give us
another presentation?
I've made several changes
to the proposal
and I really hope
that you give me another chance.
Would you like to come
for a little walk?
Sure.
My late wife was
an American too.
Very pragmatic.
She could make
a convincing argument.
just like you.
Is it hard doing the festival
without her?
I look forward to it every year.
Which is what she would want.
Oh. she loved Ballydonal Castle.
But if she were here right now.
she would tell me to sell it.
Really?
Yes. she'd say
it's a lucrative deal.
could take care of the town
for years.
No more stress making cuts.
trying to fill deficits.
worries about falling behind.
At the end of the day.
it's a building
we're talking about.
She would just want to make sure
that we were selling it
to the right person.
I understand.
We're no closer
to restoring the castle
and I'm not getting any younger
to try and find a way
to save it.
So. let's talk exactly
about what a sale would entail.
Of course I want them
to sell us the castle.
And the town needs the money.
But if Alroy convinces the
council to go through with this.
I'm going to be responsible
for taking down
an irreplaceable landmark
that so many people
are attached to.
and some people's livelihoods
depend on.
like I'm some evil villain.
And Brennan may never
talk to me again.
Oh. dreamy Irish guy.
There is that.
Just tell me that this is my job
and I'm doing my job
and everybody will win here.
This is your job
and you're doing your job.
Everyone's going to win here.
including me
once this espresso kicks in.
I'm sorry. I know it's early.
Don't be. You've got this.
OK. Bye.
[Brennan] If you like her.
then you should tell her.
What if she's not interested?
Believe me. she's interested.
Have you not seen the way
she looks at you
when you're not looking?
Oh. No. I don't suppose
you have.
If I were you.
I'd get some flowers
and go and tell her
how you feel.
You mean right now?
Might as well.
There's only two days left
of the festival. Rory.
No time to waste.
Right.
What was that about?
A girl.
Ah. I see.
Sounds like you're having
a nice week yourself.
Dad. it's no big deal.
I know.
it's none of our business.
But we'd love for you to find
happiness with someone again.
Whenever you're ready. son.
[Brennan] What are you
doing here?
I thought you were on that trip
this morning.
Sorry. I didn't make it.
I. um...
Well. Alroy wanted me to come in
and go over my presentation
with him.
Oh.
It wasn't my idea. He...
He wanted to go over
the deal points.
He said that he was going
to talk
to the other council members
about it later today.
So he is interested in selling?
When were you going
to tell me this?
As soon as I got the courage
to walk over to the pub.
I know how much this castle
means to you. Brennan.
-[scoffs]
-And to everyone here. I...
But Alroy said
that the town needs the money.
And this deal?
This could take care
of all of Kilabbey's needs
for the foreseeable future.
All of our needs
except the castle.
Because it'll be gone.
I promise you that the council
members will have input.
This resort will reflect
the history here.
Because it's time for a change.
Building a new history together.
Wasn't that it?
Do you think it's going to be
easy for me
to sign off on demolishing
the castle?
This is the only deal that I
have ever wanted to pull out of
and that's...
That's because of you.
[footsteps approach]
Brennan. why don't you come in
and we'll have a chat.
[children playing]
You all know as well as I do
that we can't afford
a major renovation.
We've been struggling to even
balance our operation budgets
these past few years.
It's an impossible undertaking.
The Krispen Group's offer
is more than generous
compared with those
we've received in the past.
And there's something to be said
for the fact that
Lindsey's stayed
for the best part of a week
to get to know the area.
-And us.
-So what does this mean?
We're all attached
to the castle.
But I think it's time to do
what's right for the moment.
Sell now to someone who will
take our opinions into account.
Hmm?
[phone rings]
[Krispen] Hello?
Mr. Krispen. hi. it's Lindsey.
I'm so glad that I got you.
I have some updates.
I'm coming to Dublin.
Oh. wait. Dublin. Ireland?
There's a similar property
for sale right on the water.
A few structures to tear down.
but no town council
to deal with.
I'm already on my way
to Helsinki.
so I figured I could stop over.
take a look
for a couple of days.
We only need one resort
in Ireland to get us going.
So you're deciding between
Kilabbey and Dublin?
Well. that depends. How are
things coming along down there?
Well. I just had a meeting
with the head councilman.
and he seems willing to sell.
He just has to talk
to the other council members.
get them on board and they
usually vote in line with him.
so this deal could be done
as early as the weekend.
Excellent. Well. once I speak
with the Dublin team.
let's connect and we can decide
which one to pursue.
OK. I've got to go now
because my flight's going.
OK. great. well.
we'll talk then.
Yeah. OK. Got to go.
So Mr. Krispen is deciding
between your property
and a coastal site in Dublin.
I really want him
to choose yours
because I know the town
could use the money.
but I also completely understand
if you want to wait
a little longer
to see if someone will come by
and want to buy the land
and keep the castle.
We already voted yesterday.
Lindsey.
We approved to move ahead
with the sale. We're ready.
OK. I will do my best
to try to convince Mr. Krispen
that Kilabbey is the way to go.
Well. um.
I'd better get to the castle.
I've got a wedding to perform.
Wait. you perform
wedding ceremonies too?
What don't you do for this town?
Well. you know.
after matching a lot of couples.
they suddenly started
asking me to marry them.
So I quite enjoy it.
Actually. I do need a witness.
Or two?
And may you live
in a blessed home.
protected in your marriage.
gentle and faithful.
one in your love.
and kept in peace.
You may kiss the bride.
[they laugh]
[applause]
What number marriage is this
for you. Alroy?
3.474.
Let's make it official.
-Congratulations.
-Thanks!
Your ring is so beautiful.
I have one like it.
The Claddagh ring.
Oh. Justin and I picked it out
together yesterday.
What's the symbolism again?
Uh. the heart represents love.
The hands represent friendship.
And the crown represents
loyalty.
And the way you wear it
also means something.
You're wearing yours
on your left hand
because you're married now.
with the ring facing inwards.
But you can also wear it
outward.
that your heart is open.
looking for love.
Or your heart is taken because
you're in a relationship.
Well. my heart
is definitely taken.
How are you celebrating
for the rest of the day?
We are going to have dinner
at the restaurant where we met.
And then we're going to stay
at this tiny little inn
right on the water.
It's almost like we're staying
on a boat attached to an inn.
That sounds so special.
Yeah. it is. It's like
the blending of two worlds.
The old and the new.
That's it.
Thank you so much for letting us
be a part of your special day.
The castle will be
the front of the resort
and then we'll build onto it.
That's what will make it
a better sale than Dublin.
That's what will make people
want to come and stay.
There'll be no other place
like it.
I appreciate you wanting
to incorporate the castle.
but I know it's not practical
and ridiculously expensive.
But a lot of castles
have been made into hotels.
and they're popular.
They make money.
I really think Mr. Krispen
can be convinced
to go in a different direction
if we just merge the ideas.
But what if he says no?
Well. it's worth pitching him.
I can make up a proposal based
on projections of other castles
that have been renovated
to commercial use.
Ask if he'll come to the party
tomorrow night.
The place will be all lit up.
people celebrating.
You'll be able to see
how incredible it is
and pitch it to him then.
It's perfect.
We're going to need
a lot of help.
-With what?
-How do I put this nicely?
The castle needs
a major facelift.
She doesn't look that bad.
does she?
OK. you also have to stop
referring to her as a she
or my boss is never going to
take this seriously.
All right.
But she's not going to like it.
and I believe
that the Kilabbey property
is better in every way.
In Dublin. we would be competing
against existing hotels
that offer a similar level of
service at the same price point.
Dublin does have higher tourism.
But Kilabbey has
unobstructed views.
And it's driving distance
from numerous
historical landmarks.
They also have
the matchmaking festival.
which brings in 1.000 people
every year.
many who make return trips.
And you said yourself.
we would be the only
upscale lodging option
for 100 miles.
The team in Dublin already has
a relationship with vendors.
an expedited process
for permitting.
there's infrastructure here.
which counts for a lot.
Come to Kilabbey. Mr. Krispen.
The festival party
is tomorrow night
and you can see for yourself
just how indescribable
this place is.
I've seen the pictures. Lindsey.
A picture cannot capture
what it feels like
to actually experience
this place.
All right. I'll come.
You won't be sorry.
-He's in!
-Ah. that's brilliant.
Right. Rory. you and I
are in charge of touch-ups
and handiwork inside the castle.
Do you think Olivia
and the girls might help?
I bet Seamus and Adelia
would pitch in too.
Alroy. you and Siobhan
are in charge of landscaping.
Connor will help
taking the old plants out
and putting new ones in.
And Maebh. you are in charge
of visual frosting.
So anything you can add
to the decor that you already
have planned. go for it.
We have one chance
to make a big impression.
All right. guys.
let's get to it.
OK. I'll go prepare my document
with all the projections.
Let's hope your boss
goes for this crazy idea.
I know.
Has anyone got floodlights?
-Floodlights are coming.
-Good man.
And we've got more champers.
And I've got fuel for everyone.
Really?
Oh. sorry.
-[laughs]
-Oh. really. Ms. Johnson?
What?
-That's Grant's nightmare.
-What are you talking about?
I don't know
what you're talking about.
OK. stop. We have way too much
work to do
for you to be tying me up
like this.
Goodness.
So. let's say this all works.
What do you think the Grand Room
will be turned into?
Mm! I don't know.
Maybe a dining area?
Or a lounge?
-It won't be a spa. no?
-Absolutely not!
There should definitely be
a bar. though.
With old timey drinks.
You could serve
Brennan's whiskey.
-That's a good idea!
-[Rory] Good luck with that.
This guy has loads of offers
from investors
to distribute his whiskey.
and he still insists
on keeping it a small batch.
Why is that?
The truck has just arrived
with more lights.
-Could I have a hand?
-I'll give you a hand.
You guys stay here.
[birdsong]
[typing on keyboard]
[knocking]
If those are more of those
poppy seed biscuits. Seamus.
I appreciate the thought. but
I have absolutely overdone it.
Hi.
-Are you finished?
-That'd be a no.
But I figured we could have
an early dinner.
There's a place
I think you'd really like.
I'd love to.
I knew you screwed up
my soda bread! I was so careful.
I know. I'm sorry.
And you should have given me
those points in hurling.
Mm. still on the fence
about that one.
Wait. what about Siobhan's
class? Did you mess up my yarn?
No. that was all you.
[both chuckle]
I get it.
I came in here all threatening.
and you felt territorial.
More like protective.
That's kind of the same thing.
Well. I don't feel territorial
or protective anymore.
Now I feel
I have a teammate in all this.
You do?
Yeah. I do.
[Grant] Oh. hey there!
[Grant] Nice spot for a picnic.
Yep.
Beautiful sedimentary rock
out here.
Hon. will you remind me
to look that up?
Cos I'm curious
if it's sandstone or limestone.
You two enjoy the terrain.
Good luck.
[laughs]
I'm so sorry
your guy found someone else.
I am so crushed. [laughs]
I'm happy for him.
She must be... really into
gardening. or landscaping. or...
-Or tuning people out?
-[laughs]
To unexpected matches.
I wish them all the luck.
[pub chatter]
Oh. Brennan.
I'm glad it's you back here.
I was thinking it was your dad.
sneaking a dessert
before the party.
No. just me.
I don't want to jinx it.
but I thought it might be nice
to have a bottle
of something special
to celebrate with Lindsey
if her boss goes for the idea.
Not to put any pressure on you
tonight. but maybe--
Mum. stop it. please.
I'm a grown man.
I don't need romantic advice.
I was only going to suggest
you wear your blue suit.
Makes your eyes look nice.
How possible is it
that Mr. Krispen thinks
I've totally lost my mind?
[Ellie] It's possible.
But he could also say it's
the best idea he's ever heard
and give you a corner office.
It's the perfect solution.
You have to text me
right after you pitch him
and let me know how it goes.
If I don't write back. it's
because we're in a big meeting
with that UK company
I was telling you about.
I hear they're starting
a preservation initiative.
something that might be
up your alley.
Yeah. sure.
Any updates on Mr. Town Council?
I'm focusing on my pitch. El.
I can only handle
one potentially upending
life event at a time.
I'm giving you
a virtual fist bump.
-Good luck at the party.
-Thank you.
[quiet chatter]
-Hi.
-Quite the night ahead of us.
-We do.
-[Brennan] Think that's him?
-Yeah.
Oh. gosh. Oh. my gosh.
that's my ring.
It's OK.
Oh. look. it's a proposal!
See? I told you
this festival worked.
[Brennan] No.
By the way. you look stunning.
Thank you.
-Ready?
-I'm ready.
Mr. Krispen.
-How are you?
-Beautiful.
-Sir. welcome to Kilabbey.
Thank you. Lovely.
How wonderful. Good to see you.
Come with me. I can't wait
to show you around.
[traditional Irish music]
[clapping]
[music ends. applause]
That's. uh...
That's really quite something.
I know.
They do this
every year of the festival?
Yes. And I have it
on good authority
that there may be
fireworks later.
Ooh. what are those?
Irish trifle.
It's actually made
by one of the council members.
She has a bakery.
There's a lot of family-owned
businesses in the area.
Mm!
I know. [chuckles]
We ought to see
if we can do a deal.
see if we can sell some
of her goods in the restaurant.
Sounds like we have a lot
to talk about
-in regards to the property.
-[glasses chinking]
Fáilte romhaibh!
[chatter quiets]
[chuckles]
Ah. the last night
of the festival
is always bittersweet for me.
Some of you have found
friendship here.
meaningful experience.
adventure.
And some of you have found love.
or the beginnings of it.
And I admit that my matching
isn't always perfect.
but it's not supposed to be.
We hope that
you take the spirit of Kilabbey
home with you.
You're always welcome back.
Till we meet again!
[cheering]
[applause]
-Thank you.
-Sláinte.
-Have you made your pitch yet?
-No. I haven't.
But I feel like
it's going to go really well.
Speaking of pitches.
I have one for you.
-For me?
-Yeah.
I spoke to Aoife.
and she sparked at the idea
of turning her barn
into a distillery
at a really reasonable price.
So I did some research and
started a business plan for you.
where you could still make
small-batch whiskey.
just...
on a slightly larger scale.
That's really. um... Wow.
I just... I was just trying
to help. I...
I just... I...
Cos you love it so much.
Yeah. I do.
I'm gonna go find Mr. Krispen.
Good luck.
[Krispen] Yep. we'll be
in touch. Yeah. Thank you.
Yeah. Goodbye.
Mr. Krispen. I hope
you're enjoying the party?
That was Dublin.
They offered
to drop the sale price.
make it a more enticing offer.
I told them
I'd have to think on it.
Well. there is a reason
I wanted you to come here
and experience this land.
Because I think
that we can make this property
more profitable and marketable
than Dublin.
And how is that?
We build a resort
onto the castle.
We'd draw people in
that are looking for
a historic experience.
but give them all the comforts
of a modern one.
We're blending the old
and the new.
It would be unlike anything
that you have ever built before.
And the council members.
they're eager for us
on come up with a price
that will make it
worth our while.
which I absolutely think it is.
Lindsey.
I have to go with Dublin then.
It's not even a choice.
This castle is magnificent.
I recognize the beauty in it.
But the cost of incorporating it
into a new design.
let alone doing a renovation?
It's not the kind of project
our company can take on.
OK. well.
what about a partnership?
A collaboration
with another company?
We may never get a chance to do
anything like this ever again.
Our company isn't
about enhancing the past.
it's focusing on the future.
I value your opinion.
but I've made up my mind.
You enjoy the rest of the party.
We'll debrief
when we get back to New York.
I'll see you soon.
[car engine starts]
Well?
He didn't go for it.
What?
So it's all over? That's it?
I said everything that I could.
He said that it's not something
that our company can take on
right now.
I'm so sorry.
I really thought
our plan was gonna work.
Guess I have to go back
to New York now.
I mean... it's not like I have
anything to stay here for.
No. Of course.
You should come back inside.
I know everyone's gonna want
to say goodbye.
I will. Just give me a sec.
Be in in a second.
Yeah.
[cheering]
[fireworks explode]
And I know you'll be
back here soon. Olivia.
Congratulations.
Rory's a good lad.
He is.
And thanks for everything.
It's been such a wonderful week.
We're sorry things didn't work
out with the castle. Lindsey.
But getting to fix it up
made us feel so much
more connected to this place.
Thank you.
Thank you. And thank you so much
for working so hard.
Bye.
[Lindsey] Bye.
And maybe the right buyer
will come along
and want to save your castle.
I think you can call it
"our castle" now. love.
Thank you for everything.
[Alroy] I know you're
disappointed about last night.
We all are. But it's important
that we decided
we were ready for a change.
Change is necessary.
It's part of life.
I know my matching
isn't always up to the mark.
but I'm not usually
that far off.
Lindsey was a surprise.
It wouldn't have worked. Alroy.
I don't think I'm ready
to be with someone again.
To have that hurt
all over again.
[Brennan] Lindsey doesn't want
to stay here and I do.
She doesn't have a life here.
[boat horn honks]
[Krispen] So.
that's a green light
on Tate Property Australia.
Lindsey?
What do you think?
Yeah. No problem.
I can be there on Monday.
I already have a relationship
with their team in Sydney.
I'll get started on this
right away.
[Krispen] Perfect. Great.
Um... So what I'm trying to
accomplish on the Tate property
is similar to what we just did
with the Kaiser.
[phone buzzes]
[chuckles]
Kilabbey.
Guess who got us tickets
to that Egyptology exhibit
this weekend?
You're welcome. I actually
am really excited about it.
I heard there's gonna be
an Egyptian food truck.
Mr. Krispen asked me to stop by.
see if you want to take a look
at my specs
for the Gersh project.
since there may be some overlap
with Melbourne.
I don't think
I'm going to do that.
You want someone else
to take it?
No. I... think
I'm going to quit.
I'm sorry. what?
Yeah. There's always gonna be
another deal to make.
another redeye to catch.
I want to be in one place.
overseeing one project
at a time.
I want to be
a part of the process.
not just hopping on a plane
the second the contract's done.
It's like I'm missing
all of the good stuff
in the sandwich.
OK. so... where would you go?
A management company
in New York?
I don't know.
But I'm excited to find out.
[stream roars]
So the fermenter's gonna go
over there.
the boiling pots there.
I want to make sure I still have
enough storage space.
I heard you had another offer.
An investor in Galway?
I did. Means we might be able
to open even earlier.
Good. Your mam sent me over
with your lunch.
and this for the walls. right.
Alroy wanted me to tell you
he'll see you at the castle
later on.
-Right.
-All right?
Our engineer will double check
with the inspection report
and make sure none of
the walls are weight bearing.
That sounds grand.
Ah. Brennan. Good timing.
What are you doing here?
I'm evaluating the property
for my new company.
They're looking
to get a preservation initiative
off the ground.
and when I mentioned
the property.
-they were very interested.
-Really?
Lindsey. I'll see you
back at the council chamber.
OK.
I never heard back from you.
I know.
[sighs] I thought
it would be easier.
I should never
have let you leave like that.
And I'm sorry I was so weird
about the business proposal
that you started.
-The unsolicited proposal?
-But you were right.
I am starting a distillery
at Aoife's.
Turns out
that change isn't so scary.
Taking a chance isn't so scary
when you're doing
something you love.
And it seems
that you're doing the same.
Well... You know. if this
project gets off the ground.
I'm probably gonna be
stationed here. overseeing it.
Until then I'll be in the UK.
managing smaller restorations.
So... maybe we could start
going back and forth?
Why would we do that?
Well. I know I need
a taste tester.
OK. Yeah.
Occasional whiskey pourer.
I think we could
probably work something out.
My grandmother's ring.
It's engraved "JTK Jewelers".
It was made in Kilabbey.
I just...
I'd never looked closely enough.
And it was facing the wrong way.
This means you're taken?
I hope so.